So guys, this will be our assigned homework for Google Assistant,
and here are some of the things we want you to do.
Okay, now to start off so you get
a better understanding of how everything in this project work,
we want you guys to browse to the Google Assistant website and go through,
see how the assistant works and just like the idea behind it.
And then also go through the to Github for Google Assistant,
so you can understand, you can like see some of
the code and see actually what's happening behind the scenes.
Afterwards, we want you to go to
instructions page and just read it over again before proceeding.
There are some intricate details that you might want to go over before,
that we haven't covered that are on this instructions page.
Afterwards, we want you to follow the instructions and run Google Assistant itself,
and we want you guys to test Google Assistant with simple requests like saying,
Oh hello, how's your day?
Thanks, sorry, and stuff like that.
This is important because we might actually put some of the answers to Google,
some of the answers that Google Assistant might tell us on future assessments.
So, make sure you guys actually run the program.
Afterwards so we want to just go to a pushtotalk.py,
the actual file, and look at what the code,
each individual thing does.
And if you guys want,
then you guys can customize the code as well.
So, make sure you guys do all this and it will
definitely raise your knowledge of
Google Assistant and how to use it effectively with the drag import.
So, that concludes our video and we will see you in the next video.